# Goal

This is going to be a crowd-sourced Gallery of Horrors vector for collecting awful examples of data _out there_.

The idea is that we know it, you know it, we all know it: _our data sucks_.

Be it company data, gov data, personal data, ... it's all a mess.

We cried and banged our head too many times, so it's now time to laugh and tell the stories of what we have seen, and how we survived.

We need to think how to collect this stories. What I was thinking was basically a blog-like, with every horror-story a markdown file in `content/posts`. We leave it to the user to write and all. Maybe we can prepare a template to have some consistency. We have full text search, and tags for categories.

**IDEAS ARE WELLCOME!**

# building the website.

The website is _essentially_ a blog, a static html (+ a little js IF requested) is generated by [marmite](https://rochacbruno.github.io/marmite/) from a bunch of markdown files.

Simply as. For the moment we are deploying only on baffelan.github.io/ourdatasucks . We'll move to production domain when ready.

## See things change

Commit any change to the `marmite.yaml`, create `.md` files, or add some `css` customization, and see the Github Actions build the site and deploy for you.

You can customize `css` on `custom.css`, `JS` on `custom.js` and custom themes and other customization options are explained on [customization page](https://rochacbruno.github.io/marmite/tag/customization.html)

## To Build locally

If you are experimenting with hard to guess things and you need a branch for it (this is probably for things like css or js customization) you can build locally.

```console
$ git clone git@github.com:Baffelan/ourdatasucks.git
$ cd yourdatasucks
```

```console
$ cargo install marmite
```

```console
$ marmite . site
Site generated at: /site/
```

```console
$  python3 -m http.server 8080 
```  

Learn more on [marmite](https://rochacbruno.github.io/marmite/)
